    Game Described:
The game is an Open World RPG. If the player wants, he/she can go anywhere on the map (mostly).
The plot of the game follows the plot of The Scourge of Lordaeron campaign, and the map happens in Lordaeron.
The aim of the map is to provide an immersive RPG experience in the world of Lordaeron.
The player(s) controls a hero and up to 4 units.

    Game Design Key Points
o There are always shortcuts. If you want to get from point A to point C, you might first have to go through point B. After you get to point C for the first time, you unlock a shortcut from point A directly to point B. Dark Souls style.
o You can set up a base for yourself. You can buy various buildings and establish your own settlement (though it will cost)
o You can help repair certain towns and villages (like Brill), bridges, etc and you will get unique rewards.
o If you die, you lose some gold proportional to your level. You then respawn at an altar where you pledged.
   To pledge to an altar, it just costs a small sum of gold.

    World Connections and Fast Travel:
o Brill --- Kingsroad Town (unlocked once you finish Chapter 3)

    Price List
+1 Damage	: 20
+25 Health	: 20
+15 Mana	: 20
+1 Stat		: 40
+1 Armor        : 100

    Pitching the game
o Stretch goals, like a kickstarter!

    Encounters:
o Undead kid 'wanting to go home' :c
o Orcs executing a child's parents in front of him. Make the players hate the orcs!
o Undead killing your friends and ressing them against you
o 'There has to be a way to cross this bridge...'
o Surprise bandit ambush on the road (they were hiding) (and they have snares)
o Spider cave with a talking spider
o Fungus merchant (acolyte model)
o Whole town FULL of zombies
o A human necromancer in a cave worshipping Kel Thuzad
o Orc warlock in a cave with blood runes. He has a pet Doom Guard. They Soul Link
o Kobolds who find a strange source of power in cave. The cave continues with strange creatures.
o Old abandoned gnome cave with machinations and metal golems. There are gnomes at the entrance
o Grveyard passing like DS3. Every 0.5 seconds you are there, a zombie spawns
o Zone with spiders and cobwebs
o Zone with nests but nothing to be seen. Scorpions burrow from every place.
At the end, a giant named scorpion unburrows
o Crabs / Makrura
o Lost Sea Giant
o River Turtles
o Hydra
o Gorgon with her statues
o Bounty Hunters look for the player
o Kul Tiras sailors (yeah they got battleships and tables!)
o A possessed item (with dialogue n shit)
o Night Elf camp: only visible during the day. Not very friendly
o Chen Stormstout and Lili selling you his potions and travel stories!
o A sewer pipe that shoots fire
o One-time use item that teleports you a short distance
NOTE: Remember to have ways back!
o An obelisk which requires to pawn an item.
o A generator blocks the way. If you destroy it, it activates some nasty shit
o Illusion wall

    Ideas to implement
o When you fast travel by boat/zepelin, in-game time passes
o VIllagers are of multiple types (Brill Villager, Strahnbrad Villager, etc). Script them accordingly to react differently to the players, based on their culture.
o When you click on an allied unit, it plays the sound.
o Use sounds from World of Warcraft NPC's for interaction with NPC's.
o Don't differentiate Bandit Female from Bandit Male - just Bandit, for immersion!
o Different chests based on level (script them to drop more gold n shit)











